If it wasn't clear yet, yes this is the convertible.
The M6 convertible.
Second generation M6 convertible.
There were more generations coupe cars,
M-lookalikes, but not the M6 itself.
The technology the M6 uses is well-known because
it has the engine and the platform of the M5...
...or the 5-series platform,
it is just the coupe of the 5-series.
So the V10 is gone and a monster
of a V8 is replaced instead.
Two turbos...
...560 bhp and 680 Nm.
It's really incredible fast.
There is another benefit because...
...the car became more economical as well.
A lot more fuel efficient.
And I hear you thinking, who cares?
Well for the tax you pay in The Netherlands,
which is actually a CO2 levy.
Through this, this car became 35,000 Euro
cheaper than it's predecessor.
Personally, I would doubt heavily between
the convertible and the coupe.
The coupe is prettier than the convertible...
...it's lighter in weight, the car is 12,000 Euro
cheaper but that is not the most important.
It is quicker because the convertible
weighs more due to the heavy roof.
The lightweight roof of the coupe is made of
a special Carbon Fibre Reinforced Plastic (CFRP).
The difference is 285 pounds (130 kg),
so the convertible is not a lightweight car.
The M6 convertible is 4400 pounds (2000 kg) and with
a couple of passengers and luggage it's even heavier.
This is not really a sports car,
the car is intimidating though.
That could be understood positive, or negative...
I can explain the negative part the best
by missing some feedback from the vehicle.
The steering is quite good, but not perfect.
Handling is sublime, but still there is something
about the weight and size of the car.
You really have to get used to it.
The positive side of the car is mainly due to
the brute engine, it's easy to scare yourself.
And that is also the reason for buying a BMW
M-model, because it is supposed to be very fast.
Well, that's exactly what it is.
The convertible is doing 0-60 mph in 4.3 sec.
And the coupe, the quickest production
BMW so far: 4.2 sec from 0-60 mph.
There is another reason for buying a coupe,
top speed is limited at 155 mph (250 km/h).
With the M-drivers package your top speed goes
up to 190 mph (305 km/h). Also very nice.
There is also a reason for buying the convertible.
Well, I complained quite a bit about the "singing V8".
The V10 is a classic opera singer.
Absolutely fantastic, everyone loves it.
Amazing engine for that matter.
Perhaps we have to compare the sound of the V8
with electronic music, not the preference of everyone.
There is an electronic gadget that comes with this car:
the sound is amplified by the internal sound system.
But the convertible gives a very clear sound
of what comes out of the exhaust at the back...
...and that just sound much better than from the inside.
Furthermore this car has all the M-goodies
you could expect it to have.
Like different fenders with loads of air intakesand the
typical M-gills on the sides of the car.
It doesn't really make the car prettier.
A decent locking differential that is able to lock from
0 to 100%, which is a great part of this car.
Not like the rubbish you can find on the M135i,
with brake intervention etc.
No it's nice and mechanical how the connection between
both rear wheels could be blocked completely.
And this leads to tires that wear very fast.
The quickest andsportiest BMWcurrently available,
but not a real sports car.
And that's a pity, because the competition...
...that I won't mention by name, but everyone
knows the two cars I'm talking about.
But those cars do have that.
That doesn't make this car less attractive, but makes
you wish even more for a super sports car from BMW.
This is mainlya GT made for long distances,
driving at top speed.
Andbecause it's a little more fuel efficient you won't have
to stop at the gas stations like with the old M6...
...in which I succeeded to have the cheerful
number 3.5 km/L in the display.
Now it reads 5.0 km/L, which is a considerable improvement.
So what does it cost?
153,000 Euro for the coupe and the convertibleis even
more expensive, especially with a couple of options.
And fortunately I don't have that amount of money...
...because I wouldn't be able to choose
between the coupe and the convertible.
Subtitles - Arjen-Pieter Troost